Update README.md with traditional EPO example, caveats, and `@task.ve… (#9)
astronomer/astro-provider-venv: README.md

## Synopsis

### Caveats

> #### Novel Python Syntax

Reviewer: This shouldn't be the first thing in the README -- people don't know what this repo is yet.

Reviewer: Maybe move both of these to inside the `### Requirements` section of the doc?

### `@task.venv` decorator

The `@task.venv` decorator wraps the [ExternalPythonOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/operator/python.html#externalpythonoperator). The decorator does a few things:

> 1. It assigns the decorated function as the 'ExternalPythonOperator`'s callable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. It assigns the decorated function as the '`ExternalPythonOperator`'s callable
```

> 2. It assigns the string passed to the decorator to the `ExternalPythonOperator`'s `python` parameter.

Reviewer: That's not quite what it does -- it actually looks up full path form the environment variables that the buildkit puts in to the image.

Maybe we just say something to the tune of "it looks up the absolute path of the virtual env ..."
